
#Start:
"Productivity is never a accident.It is always the result of a commitment to excellence, intelligent planning, and focused efforts."
these were some beautiful words said by paul mayor in the field of management. Taking inspiration from this I Sanmay Kulkarni and 
I Khushi Patel from WCE Sangli, welcome you all to the  auspicious inauguration of PRUDENCE 2022 organized by 
personality advancement circle of engineers. It's our pleasure to interact with intellectual minds like you all on this beautiful ocassion.
"!!covid 19 ke effects and after covid 19 event ke importance"


#Intro of guests:
Gracing this occassion we have with us our honorable director ___, our staff advisor Mr. A.B Patil sir, Surve sir and our honorable chief guest.

#Lamp Lightining and Saraswati Vandana:
now we begin today's program by lighting the lamp followed by saraswati vandana. I request our guests to do the honors. Thank you very much sir.
Now I call upon miss Priyanka Sadhagale for the sarawati vandana. Thank you very much Priyanka.

#PACE Introduction:
Personality Advancement Circle of Engineers is here with the mega event Prudence 2k22, which aims to nurture the management skills, uplifts one's personality in a
skillful and competitive manner. For knowing what is PACE all about and getting Insights of our event, I would like to call upon, 
Mr. Atique Pathan and Miss. Anuskha Joshi on the stage. 

Thank u very much Atique and Anushka for giving a brief introduction of our club. 

Moving forward, now I would like to call upon our honourable Director, Mr.XYZ, for interacting with participants and motivating them.

Thank You very much Sir for encouraging our participants. Now, I Would like to call upon our Honourable Staff Advisor, Professor A B Patil Sir to 
encourage the participants

Thank You very much Sir for encouraging our participants. Now, I Would like to call  upon anil surve sir for his words of advice.

now i would like to call Miss Maithili sakhawalkar to introduce our today's guest of honour ________

thank you very much sir for enlighting us with your words of wisdom and I hope the participants have ......

#vote of thanks


./








